Winter morning
Cold frost and sunshine: day of wonder!
But you, my friend, are still in slumber —
Wake up, my beauty, time belies:
You dormant eyes, I beg you, broaden
Toward the northerly Aurora,
As though a northern star arise!

Recall last night, the snow was whirling,
Across the sky, the haze was twirling,
The moon, as though a pale dye,
Emerged with yellow through faint clouds.
And there you sat, immersed in doubts,
And now, — just take a look outside:

The snow below the bluish skies,
Like a majestic carpet lies,
And in the light of day it shimmers.
The woods are dusky. Through the frost
The greenish fir-trees are exposed;
And under ice, a river glitters.

The room is lit with amber light.
And bursting, popping in delight
Hot stove still rattles in a fray.
While it is nice to hear its clatter,
Perhaps, we should command to saddle
A fervent mare into the sleight?

And sliding on the morning snow
Dear friend, well let our worries go,
And with the zealous mare well flee.
We’ll visit empty ranges, thence,
The woods, which used to be so dense
And then the shore, so dear to me.

Alexandr Pushkin
Maybe, it's too late or, maybe, early,
 It has not occurred to me for years,
 I resemble now Don Juan, really,
 Like a proper flippant man of verse.

 What"s the matter? What has happened, really?
 Every day I have some other chick.
 And I lose self-pity, willy-nilly,
 And defy unfaithfulness and trick.

 I have always kept my heart from simple,
 Tender feelings,   and I wonder what
 I am looking for in oh, so cripple
 Women, so light-headed, and so void.

 Hold me back, restrain me, scornful feeling,
 I have always been marked up by you.
 In my heart I have a chilly  steaming
 And the rustle of lilac of blue.

 In my heart I have a lemon sunset,
 Through the fog I hear  someone say:
 For your freedom you will have to answer,
 Well, Don Juan, take the challenge, eh?

 As I take the challenge within reason,
 I  can see the same old thing I have:
 I must take a storm for  blooming  season
 And mistake a thrill for real love.

 That"s the reason That"s the way it happened.
 Every day I  have some other chick,
 So that I might always smile, be  happy
 And defy unfaithfulness and trick.

 Sergey Yesenin